Ooty, the 'Queen of Hill Stations' is also known as Udhagamandalam. It is the capital of Nilgiris district as well. 
One of the most popular hill stations of India, it has Nilgiris, the 'Blue Mountains', in its background. The hill town
 of Ooty, discovered by a British Collector, John Sullivan, was once a summer resort and weekend getaway for the
 Madra residency, during the colonial times in the 19th century. Located at an altitude of 2,240 meters above sea level,
 it has a number of popular tourist attractions to boast of. One of the major attraction is its popular tea estates. 

place- 1. Avalanche Lake
Located 28 km away from Ooty, Avalanche lake is a must visit when on Ooty Tour. This lake, beautifully lying amid the 
lush greenery of mountains and landscapes mesmerises every visitor. It was created due to a massive landslide somewhere
around 1800s hence the name. It is popular for trout fishing and the required equipment for it can be taken from
Trout hatchery.

stay-
Destiny - The Farm Resort
Surrounded by natural greenery, Destiny Farmstay is located in Avalanche, 25 km from Ooty Town.
 Boasting quiet surroundings, this hotel offers rooms with views of the valley, lake and pond.

how to reach-
Destiny Farmstay is 80 km from Coimbatore and Coimbatore Airport. 


place 2.Kalhatty Waterfalls
About 13 km away from Ooty, on the Ooty-Mysore Road, Kalhatty Waterfalls is one of the most beautiful waterfalls
 that you will see on an Ooty Tour. This waterfall can be reached via a trek of 2 mile from Kalahatti village.
 It is believed that great Hindu saint Agastya has once lived here. With its rich avian fauna, it is often visited
 by bird watchers as well. Its scenic beauty is sure to leave you spellbound.

stay-
Wild zest
Enjoy a peaceful homestay in midst nature with mesmerising mountain views from your balcony and nature walks in Ooty.

The property rooms offer breathtaking mountain views.
Guests can enjoy delicious meals prepared by professional chefs at the on-site kitchenette.
It also arranges for activities like bonfire and barbeque on request.


how to reach-
Homestay Wild Zest is situated in Mysore - Ooty Road Ooty , The Nilgiris in Ooty just in 7.3 km from the centre.
wild zest is 35 km from Coimbatore and Coimbatore Airport. 


