GOA
Goa, situated on the west coast of India, is one of the most delightful states of India. Formerly a Portuguese colony, 
it is endowed with a variety of attractions including palm fringed beaches, miles of golden sands, lush green country-side,
 an incredible mosaic of cultural heritage, magnificent churches, temples, forts and monuments and a unique cultural synthesis
 of the east and west. With its tropical climate, Goa is a tourist destination for all seasons. Goa is a treasure trove of 
culture, music, dances and art forms that can be enjoyed during local festivals and celebrations. 
The city is known for its vibrancy that attains its pinnacle in the annual Goa Carnival festival.

Place 1 - BAGA beach
One of the most happening beaches in Goa, Baga Beach is where you will find water sports, 
fine dining restaurants, bars, and clubs. Situated in North Goa, Baga Beach is bordered by Calangute and Anjuna Beaches. 

Place for accomodation-
A) Sky Beach View
This property is 1 minute walk from the beach. Situated on the beachfront in Baga and boasting a bar, 
Sky Beach View has free WiFi. Featuring family rooms, this property also provides guests with a terrace. 
The accommodation features a 24-hour front desk, room service and currency exchange for guests.

How to reach-
The nearest airport is Dabolim, 44 km from Sky Beach View, and the property offers a paid airport shuttle service.
contact:8238734932


B)FabExpress Veal Jean Baga
Ideally located in the Baga Beach district of Baga, FabExpress Veal Jean Baga 
is set 250 m from Baga Beach, 600 m from Calangute Beach and 1.8 km from Anjuna Beach.

How to reach-
Britto's is 1.1 km from FabExpress Veal Jean Baga. The nearest airport is Dabolim Airport, 44 km from the hotel. 
Ola and UBER facilities are available 24x7.


place 2 - ANJUNA
Home to stunning beaches and several monuments, offering several fun activities, Anjuna brings you the experience of Goa’s
 unique culture. With the Adventure Dining at Air, you can sky dine in North Goa at a height of 50 meters above the ground. 
Capture a bird’s eye view of the destination and relish the beauty of the diverse terrain. 
Witness the gorgeous beach and the hills from the sky and enjoy the exquisite Goan cuisine. 


Place for accomodation-
The Ivy Anjuna
Set in Anjuna, 600 m from Anjuna Beach, The Ivy Anjuna offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool,
free private parking, a bar and a garden.opular points of interest near 
The Ivy Anjuna include Ozran Beach, Vagator Beach and Anjuna Flea Market.

How to reach-
 The nearest airport is Dabolim, 49 km from the hotel, and the property offers a paid airport shuttle service.

