Hampi is one of finest historical sites of ancient age in the world. It was the initial capital city of famous 
historical Vijayanagara Empire located on the bank of Tungabhadra River about 11 km away from Hospet City. 
Hampi is a small location covered an area of 25 sq. km. and it is totally bounded by mountains (Anjaneya, Malyavanta 
and Matanga Hills) by the three sites and rest one site is bordered by Tungabhadra River. It is believed by Hindus that 
Hampi was a kingdom of Monkeys (according to the Ramayana) before Vijayanagara Empire in pre-ancient age (around 1 CE) 
when the city was known as Kishkindha.

place 1- matanga hill
Being at the centre of Hampi, and also the highest point, Matanga hilltop is the best spot to get an aerial view 
of Hampi and it's environs.
If you trace the foothill in a clockwise direction, the road that ends at the Hampi bus station runs along the eastern 
side of the hill.
 At the northwest the east end of Hampi Bazaar terminates.
The north part of the hill practically ends at the south bank of the Tungabhadra River where the Kodanda Rama Temple
is located. 

stay-
 Hyatt Place Hampi
Explore Hyatt Place Hampi with a curated list of experiences, sourced from our socially responsible,
 community-based partners. There is plenty to indulge in based on your interest when traveling with family, partner, 
or colleagues. From Hampi for Kids, Hampi for Couples, Hampi for Business Travellers, Hampi for Activity Seekers, 
Hampi for Retreats & Reunions, Hampi for Design Devotees, Hampi for Craft Lovers, Hampi for Safari Goers,
 Hampi for The Spiritually Inclined to Hampi for Gourmands. 

how to reach-
Jindal vijayanagar airport is 45 km away. local cabs are available.


2. lotus mahal
Part of the Royal Enclosure, and a really beautiful small building with delicate carvings and in a beautiful lotus shape. 
We have to see from outside as it is not allowed to step inside, there are barriers to prevent that.
Elephant stables and housing quarters for the mahouts nearby is also a must visit.
The Lotus Mahal and the Elephant Stables are included in the ticket purchase for the
 Vitthala temple if visited on the same day .

stay-
Evolve Back Hampi
Evolve Back Hampi is located just 4 km from the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Hampi. 
Evolve Back Hampi is inspired by the architectural splendour and magnificence of the Vijayanagara Empire. 
The resort features all the charms of the bygone era like the fort like entrances, stone-paved boulevards, 
arched hallways and regal chambers.

how to reach-
The nearest airport is Hampi 29 km from the resort.
