about
Situated near the end of valley, Manali is one of the most attractive tourist spot not only of Himachal Pradesh,
 but of International fame also. Manali is synonymous streams and birdsong, forests and orchards and grandees of
 snow-capped mountains.Manali is the real starting point of an ancient trade route which crosses the Rohtang and 
Baralacha passes, and runs via Lahul and Ladakh to Kashmir while divergent road connects it with Spiti. 

place-1 solang valley
Solang Valley derives its name from combination of words Solang (Nearby village) and Nallah (water stream).
 It is a side valley at the top of the Kullu Valley in Himachal Pradesh, India 14 km northwest of the resort town Manali
 on the way to Rohtang Pass, and is known for its summer and winter sport conditions.

stay-
A)WelcomHeritage Urvashi's Retreat 
Urvashi's Retreat in Manāli is set 7.4 km from Hidimba Devi Temple and 6.2 km from Manu Temple. 
The property offers a 24-hour front desk and free WiFi is available throughout the property. 
It has a spring water brook running through the orchards forming an ecological pool open to guests at all times.

how to reach-
Solang Valley is 5.6 km from Urvashi's Retreat, while Circuit House is 6.7 km from the property. 
The nearest airport is Kullu Manali Airport, 56.5 km from the accommodation.
Local cab services are available at all times.


place 2- Rohtang Pass
is a lovely tour spot in Himachal Pradesh located just 50 km away from Manaly. It is the highest point on the Manali-Keylong 
road with a height of 3,978 meters. Dassaur Lake and the source of Beas River, Beas Kund are another attractions close to
 Rothang Pass.


stay-
Rohtang Heights Resorts And Spa
Boasting a garden, terrace and views of river, Rohtang Heights Resorts And Spa is situated in Rohtang,
 4.4 km from Hidimba Devi Temple. Among the facilities of this property are a restaurant, a 24-hour front desk 
and room service, along with free WiFi.


how to reach-
Tibetan Monastery is 2.2 km from Rohtang Heights Resorts And Spa, while Circuit House is 3.4 km from the property.
 The nearest airport is Kullu–Manali, 49 km from the accommodation, and the property offers a paid airport shuttle service.